Android TV alert (#412)
home-assistant/alerts.home-assistant.io: alerts/androidtv.markdown

---
title: "Android TV 11 is not supported"
created: 2021-09-23 12:48:00
integrations:

>   - androidtv
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - androidtv
github_issue: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues/56567
---
```

The Android TV integration currently doesn't work correctly with Android TV 11. States and running apps cannot be read and the entity alternates between the Off, Idle and Standby states.

> Please see this summary of the [issue](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues/56567) for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
title: "Android TV 11 is not supported"
created: 2021-09-23 12:48:00
integrations:
  - androidtv
---

> Android TV 11 will not work correctly with Android TV integration. States and running apps cannot be read and the entity alternated between Off, Idle and Standby states only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Android TV integration currently doesn't work correctly with Android TV 11. States and running apps cannot be read and the entity alternates between the Off, Idle and Standby states.
```
